Allow configuration of ACME provider http timeout (#11637)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/https/acme.md

# ...
```

### `clientTimeout`

_Optional, Default=2m_

> `clientTimeout` is the maximum amount of time a http client communicating with the `caServer` waits before timing out.
> It defaults to 2 minutes.
> 
> !!! warning "This must be at least as much time as `clientResponseHeaderTimeout` option below or the certificate resolver will fail to start."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`clientTimeout` is the total timeout for a complete HTTP transaction (including TCP connection, sending request and receiving response) with the ACME server.
It defaults to 2 minutes.

!!! warning "This timeout encompasses the entire request-response cycle, including the response headers timeout. It must be at least `clientResponseHeaderTimeout`, otherwise the certificate resolver will fail to start."
```

```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
certificatesResolvers:
  myresolver:
    acme:
      # ...
      clientTimeout: 1m
      # ...
```

```toml tab="File (TOML)"
[certificatesResolvers.myresolver.acme]
  # ...
  clientTimeout=1m
  # ...
```

```bash tab="CLI"
# ...
--certificatesresolvers.myresolver.acme.clientTimeout=1m
# ...
```

!!! warning
    This should not be confused with any timeouts used for validating challenges.

### `clientResponseHeaderTimeout`

_Optional, Default=30s_

> `clientResponseHeaderTimeout` is the maximum amount of time a http client communicating with the `caServer` waits for response headers.
> It defaults to 30 seconds. 
> 
> !!! warning "This must be less than the `clientTimeout` option above or the certificate resolver will fail to start."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`clientResponseHeaderTimeout` defines how long the HTTP client waits for response headers when communicating with the `caServer`.
It defaults to 30 seconds. 

!!! warning "It must be lower than `clientTimeout`, otherwise the certificate resolver will fail to start."
```
